Update Razor to add Blazor debugger and semantic colorization (#3800)
OmniSharp/omnisharp-vscode: test-plan.md

* Type `<cache |`, hit ctrl + space, search for `asp-vary-by-user`, commit the completion. Ensure that it auto-completes the attribute to: `<cache asp-vary-by-user`.
* Type `<form |`, hit ctrl + space, search for `asp-route-...`, commit the completion. Ensure that it auto-completes the attribute to: `<form asp-route-|=""`. Type `foo` and then hit tab. Cursor should be inside of the double quotes: `<form asp-route-foo="|"`.

##### TagHelper colorization

> * Typing `<environment></environment>` should change the color of that tag to a blue-green color in the dark theme or a darker blue in the light theme. These colors should be visually distinct from html elements on the page while also not being the same color as an invalid element (`<notatag></notatag>` for an example).

Reviewer: Also have them include the `name` + some other non-TagHelper attribute to ensure that those colorizations apply correctly.

> * Typing `<environment></environment>` should change the color of that tag to a blue-green color in the dark theme or a darker blue in the light theme. These colors should be visually distinct from html elements on the page while also not being the same color as an invalid element (`<notatag></notatag>` for an example).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Typing `<environment include="Development" notcolored="differently"></environment>` should change the color of `environment` and `include` (but not `notcolored`)to a blue-green color in the dark theme or a darker blue in the light theme. These colors should be visually distinct from html elements on the page while also not being the same color as an invalid element (`<notatag></notatag>` for an example).
```

* When no changes have been performed on `Pages/Index.cshtml`, there are 0 errors.
* Typing `@ThisDoesNotExist` results in an error being created and squiggled in the .cshtml file.

##### Debugging with blazorwasm debug adapter

###### Standalone app

> To set up a test project to verify on, create a new Blazor WebAssembly application using the dotnet CLI.

Reviewer: @JoeRobich the vendors use latest CLI right?

Reviewer 3: I would assume, since they are also doing the .NET 5 preview validation, but I can call it out specifically when I request testing.

4. Run the newly-created launch configuration.
5. Open Pages/Counter.razor and place a breakpoint in the `IncrementCount` method.
6. Navigate to the Counter page in the browser and click the counter button.
7. Verify that the breakpoint is hit.

###### Hosted app

Set up a test project to verify on by using the following dotnet CLI command. Note the `--hosted` flag.

```
$ dotnet new blazorwasm --hosted -o DebugHostedTestProject
```

1. Open the project in VS Code.
2. Press <key>F5</key> to start a new debugging session.
3. Ensure that the launch configuration contains the following properties, in addition to the defaults. Replace the target framework and target DLL fields as necessary.

```
{
  "hosted": true,
  "program": "${workspaceFolder}/Server/bin/Debug/<target-framework>/<target-dll>",
  "cwd": "${workspaceFolder}/Server"
}
```

4. Run the newly-crated launch configuration.
5. Open Pages/Counter.razor and place a breakpoint in the `IncrementCount` method.
6. Open the Controllers/WeatherForecastController.cs file and place a breakpoint in the GET handler.
7. Navigate to the Counter page in the browser and click the counter button.

> 8. Verify that the breakpoint is hit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Verify that the breakpoint in Counter.razor is hit.
```

> 9. Navigate to the weather forecast page. Verify that the breakpoint is hit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Navigate to the weather forecast page. Verify that the breakpoint in WeatherForecastController.cs is hit.
```
